./" Manpage for XTemp.
./" Contributed by F. Huettig (fred@adapteva.com)
.TH man 1 "19 July 2014" "0.1" "xtemp Parallella Utility"
.SH NAME
xtemp \- Monitor system temperature

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xtemp
.RB [\| \-h \|]
.br
.B xtemp
.RB [\| \-l
.IR limittemp \|]
.RB [\| \-w
.IR warntemp \|]
.RB [\| \-r
.IR refresh \|]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Reads the XADC on-chip temperature sensor for the Zynq chip, and
displays the results as a graph in an X window.

Press the 'q' key to quit, or just close the window.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fP
Displays help / usage info. and quits.

.TP
\fB\-l\fP \fIlimittemp\fP
If the measured temperature rises above \fIlimittemp\fP the graph will turn red.  \fIlimittemp\fP must be a decimal number in degrees C.  Default is 80C.

.TP
\fB\-w\fP \fIwarntemp\fP
If the measured temperature rises above \fIwarntemp\fP the graph will turn orange.  \fIwarntemp\fP must be a decimal number in degrees C.  Default is 70C.

.TP
\fB\-r\fP \fIrefresh\fP
A new measurement will be taken, and the graph updated, every \fIrefresh\fP seconds.  Default 2.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B /sys/bus/iio/devices/iio:device0/*
A special file object is located in this directory to capture ADC measurements.  Other files in that location report static gain & offset values.

.SH ERRORS
.TP
.B Unable to open X display
Perhaps you are not running in a windowed environment?  xterm can not be run from a text-only terminal or other environment without X-windows support.

.SH EXAMPLE
> ./xtemp -l 82 -w 72 -r 1

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR para_xadc (3).

.SH AUTHOR
Fred Huettig, <fred@adapteva.com>
